+++
title = "REPTAGIN, developing a deep learning model for chemistry"
date = "2023-02-26T23:34:46"
tags = ["chemistry", ]
categories = ["deep-learning", ]
draft = false
comments = false
showcomments = false
showpagemeta = true
+++

As I'm starting to [revisit deep learning](/blog/using-emoji-in-matplotlib), this time through [fast.ai](https://course.fast.ai), I'm finding it motivating to have some project ideas for down the road, once I've developed a more robust skillset. For now, though, I'm thinking about how to make my wife's life easier.

My wife works extremely hard, in so many facets of her life&mdash;helping raise two small children, TA'ing classes, taking classes, and conducting chemistry research. There are many challenges that she faces everyday, and based on what she's told me about, I think that deep learning could help her with one part of her process: reading specs.

Spectroposcopy is the study of spectra. I first heard of this field in astronomy news articles, when scientists were able to analyze the light reflecting off of planets to determine which elements are in its atmosphere. On a more local scale, chemists use spectr... to validate that the output of their synthesis work is in fact what they had intended to make. From my understanding, the process (at least for grad students without massive grants) is tedious and involves work with academic software with a user interface that is somewhere between outdated and hostile. There's also some calculus required to detemine the areas under curves. My wife can integrate with the best of them, but my thinking was, a computer can do this.

## What makes this project possible

Apart from the motivating desire to create tools that can help accelerate my wife's research (or at least, give her more time to think and synthesize), this particular task stood out to me as a strong candidate for a few reasons:

- Here, in the early '20's, image recognition models are excellent
- This is a classification task that is taught to undergrads, which makes it well-suited to deep learning
- There exist databases of labeled graphs, from which I can draw for fine-tuning an existing model
- The technical audience can easily grasp the limitations of the model, as well as exercise good judgement about the confidence levels presented by the model
- The audience can also provide feedback that can improve the model

The rest of this post outlines the development of REPTAGIN†, its results (both during development and in the lab), and lays out future directions for the project.

## Getting started


## Initial results


## Other things



* * *

† The name of this project comes from a list of non-words generated by Claude Shannon during his work around analyzing letter frequencies in English
