+++
title = "Quote for 2013-12-16"
date = "2013-12-16T07:30:43"
tags = ["sublimetext", "masteryerdangtools", ]
categories = ["imported from tumblr", "quote", ]
draft = false
comments = false
showcomments = false
showpagemeta = true
+++

<p>HOWTO: Open Your Work from Sublime in Chrome with a Key Command</p>

<p>In Sublime Text, go to Tools &gt; Build System &gt; New Build System. A new tab will open in Sublime Text named untitled.sublime-build, with the following text in it:</p>

<p>{<br/>
    &ldquo;cmd&rdquo;: [&ldquo;make&rdquo;]<br/>
}</p>

<p>If you use a Mac, replace it with the following:</p>

<p>{<br/>
    &ldquo;cmd&rdquo;: [&ldquo;open&rdquo;, &ldquo;-a&rdquo;, &ldquo;/Applications/Google Chrome.app&rdquo;, &ldquo;$file&rdquo;]<br/>
}</p>

<p>Save the file. Name it Choose Browser.sublime-build. Sublime Text should be smart enough to put it in the right place for you, but if it doesn&rsquo;t, save it to the following locations:</p>

<p>Mac OS X: ~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 2/Packages/User</p>

<p>Restart Sublime Text.</p>

<p>Now when you want to preview your work in Sublime Text in a web browser, do one of the following:</p>

<p>Tools &gt; Build<br/>
Press Command-B (Mac) or Ctrl-B (Windows)<br/>
Your browser selection tool should open, allowing to choose the browser in which you want to see your webpage.</p><br /><br /><p>Took me less than a minute. Original instructions set the path to another browser; I just inserted the path to Chrome &amp; *pow* - one shortcut to open an HTML page in Chrome. Be sure to select &ldquo;Choose Browser&rdquo; under Tools &gt; Build System before hitting the shortcut.</p>
<p>via <a href="http://www.granneman.com/webdev/editors/sublime-text/set-up-sublime-text-to-preview-your-code-in-a-web-browser/" target="_blank">here</a></p>